# SoFiA default settings
# Do not modify!

# Pipeline modules

steps.doSubcube                 =       false
steps.doFlag                    =       false
steps.doSmooth                  =       false
steps.doScaleNoise              =       false
steps.doSCfind                  =       true
steps.doThreshold               =       false
steps.doWavelet                 =       false
steps.doCNHI                    =       false
steps.doMerge                   =       true
steps.doReliability             =       false
steps.doParameterise            =       false
steps.doWriteFilteredCube       =       false
steps.doWriteMask               =       true
steps.doWriteCat                =       true
steps.doMom0                    =       false
steps.doMom1                    =       false
steps.doCubelets                =       false
steps.doDebug                   =       false
steps.doOptical                 =       false

# Import module

import.inFile                   =       Cube.fits
import.weightsFile              =       
import.maskFile                 =       
import.weightsFunction          =       
import.subcube                  =       []
import.subcubeMode              =       pixel


# Flagging module

flag.regions                    =       []


# Optical finder module

optical.sourceCatalogue         =       
optical.spatSize                =       0.01
optical.specSize                =       1e+5
optical.storeMultiCat           =       false


# Smoothing module

smooth.kernel                   =       gaussian
smooth.edgeMode                 =       constant
smooth.kernelX                  =       3.0
smooth.kernelY                  =       3.0
smooth.kernelZ                  =       3.0


# Noise scaling module

scaleNoise.statistic            =       mad
scaleNoise.scaleX               =       false
scaleNoise.scaleY               =       false
scaleNoise.scaleZ               =       false
scaleNoise.edgeX                =       0
scaleNoise.edgeY                =       0
scaleNoise.edgeZ                =       0


# 2D-1D wavelet finder module

wavelet.threshold               =       5.0
wavelet.scaleXY                 =       -1
wavelet.scaleZ                  =       -1
wavelet.positivity              =       false
wavelet.iterations              =       3


# S+C finder module

SCfind.threshold                =       6.0
SCfind.sizeFilter               =       0.0
SCfind.maskScaleXY              =       1.333
SCfind.maskScaleZ               =       1.333
SCfind.edgeMode                 =       constant
SCfind.rmsMode                  =       negative
SCfind.kernels                  =    [[ 0, 0, 0,'b'],[ 0, 0, 2,'b'],[ 0, 0, 4,'b'],[ 0, 0, 8,'b'],[ 0, 0,16,'b'],[ 3, 3, 0,'b'],[ 3, 3, 2,'b'],[ 3, 3, 4,'b'],[ 3, 3, 8,'b'],[ 3, 3,16,'b'],[ 6, 6, 0,'b'],[ 6, 6, 2,'b'],[ 6, 6, 4,'b'],[ 6, 6, 8,'b'],[ 6, 6,16,'b'],[ 9, 9, 0,'b'],[ 9, 9, 2,'b'],[ 9, 9, 4,'b'],[ 9, 9, 8,'b'],[ 9, 9,16,'b']]
SCfind.kernelUnit               =       pixel
SCfind.verbose                  =       false

# CNHI finder module

CNHI.pReq                       =       1e-5
CNHI.qReq                       =       3.8
CNHI.minScale                   =       5
CNHI.maxScale                   =       -1
CNHI.medianTest                 =       true
CNHI.verbose                    =       1

# Threshold finder module

threshold.threshold             =       4.0
threshold.clipMethod            =       relative
threshold.rmsMode               =       std
threshold.verbose               =       false


# Merging module

merge.radiusX                   =       3
merge.radiusY                   =       3
merge.radiusZ                   =       3
merge.minSizeX                  =       3
merge.minSizeY                  =       3
merge.minSizeZ                  =       2


# Parametrisation module

parameters.fitBusyFunction      =       false
parameters.optimiseMask         =       false
parameters.dilateMask           =       false
parameters.dilateThreshold      =       0.02
parameters.dilatePixMax         =       10
parameters.dilateChan           =       1


# Reliability module

reliability.parSpace            =       ['SNRsum','SNRmax','NRvox']
reliability.kernel              =       [0.15,0.05,0.1]
reliability.fMin                =       0.0
reliability.threshold           =       1.0
reliability.makePlot            =       false


# Output module

writeCat.compress               =       false
writeCat.outputDir              =       
writeCat.basename               =       
writeCat.writeASCII             =       true
writeCat.writeXML               =       false
writeCat.writeSQL               =       false
writeCat.parameters             =       ['*']
